Add enterpriseId parameter and addressId property (#429)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/configuration.md

{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",

>     "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",

Author: Updated the description with a slight change because it is an Enterprise OR Service that can be returned, not both.

>     "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",

Author: Updated the description.

| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |

> | `EnterpriseId` | string | optional | Identifies the enterprise to return when multiple are accessible. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EnterpriseId` | string | optional |  Unique identifier of the [Enterprise](../operations/configuration.md#enterprise) to return when multiple are accessible. |
```

To be honest I'm not fully understanding the description, what does it means 🤔

> | `EnterpriseId` | string | optional | Identifies the enterprise to return when multiple are accessible. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `EnterpriseId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Enterprise](#enterprise), required when the access token grants access to multiple enterprises. |
```
This would be my suggestion. BTW, I assume this parameter becomes 'required' in the multi-enterprise case.

Author: It is not required because the default value is returned in case the parameter is not specified.

| `Phone` | string | optional | Phone number of the enterprise. |
| `LogoImageId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the enterprise logo image. |
| `CoverImageId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the enterprise cover image. |

> | `AddressId` | string | required | Identifier of the [Address](addresses.md#account-address) of the enterprise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AddressId` | string | required | Unique  identifier of the enterprise [Address](addresses.md#account-address). |
```

Reviewer 2: ha, not a lot of difference :-)

| `TaxPrecision` | string | optional | Tax precision used for financial calculations in the enterprise. If `null`, [Currency](currencies.md#currency) precision is used. |
| `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Identifier of the enterprise from external system. |
| `AccountingConfiguration` | [Accounting configuration](#accounting-configuration) | optional | Configuration information containg financial information about the property. |

#### Address

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the address. |
| `Line1` | string | optional | First line of the address. |
| `Line2` | string | optional | Second line of the address. |
| `City` | string | optional | The city. |
| `PostalCode` | string | optional | Postal code. |
| `CountryCode` | string | optional | ISO 3166-1 code of the [Country](countries.md#country). |
| `CountrySubdivisionCode` | string | optional | ISO 3166-2 code of the administrative division, e.g. `DE-BW`. |
| `Latitude` | number | optional | The latitude. |
| `Longitude` | number | optional | The longitude. |

> 

Reviewer: I think this should stay and marked as deprecated 🤔 @MikeAdamsMews how do we handle this, I can't find page where we had the overall description?
